How To Use vidmaker.jsx and Other Scripts created by gen.sh

Creates a new comp named LyricVideo.  Running the script creates the comp and
spreads the lyrics of the song over the length of the comp.  It can cut out
blank areas (currently called solos).

After positioning the text where it should be, run rebuild-lyrics.jsx to create the
file output.txt which contains the lyrics along with the inpoint and outpoint
for each line.  This file does not contain newlines. Run "fixnl" to create
a usable text file:

	$ fixnl output.txt > newlyrics.txt

Then update vidmaker.jsx to refer to newlyrics.txt as the lyric file.  Then
you can rerun vidmaker.jsx to essentially start a new version of the lyric video.
It will place the text in the right starting point and cut it off at the right
end point.

You can press undo after running the script to remove everything the script did.

Use styler.jsx to stylize the video.  You can rerun it to strip the old stylization
info and add new style info.  It functions as follows:

	1. Remove any existing styling (this does not move the text in the timeline).
	2. Create a random new styling and apply it to all text strings

Creating a new styling works as follows:

	1. pick a new FG and BG color from the palletes
	2. set the background color to BG
	3. select a random text font, reset all text to the new FG color and new font.
	4. randomly pick some number of other stylers and apply them

styler.jsx outputs
	Every run of styler.jsx produces the following files.  Remember to run
	fixnl on these output files.  For some reason, AfterEffects file writer does
	not output newlines correctly.

	style.json  =  a file where all the style info is dumped.  I will be adding
	               a way to reuse the style.json files instead of generating new
				   styles randomly.

	perf.json   =  performance information for various places in the code. Keep
	               an eye on this as more and more code gets added. Don't let
				   the performance get too bad.


